Allow triggering reload with pre-shared secret (#712)
jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin: README.md

Most plugins should be supported out-of-the-box, or maybe require some minimal changes. See this [dashboard](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=17346) for known compatibility issues.

## Triggering Configuration Reload

You have the following option to trigger a configuration reload:

- via the user interface: `Manage Jenkins -> Configuration -> Reload existing configuration`
- via http POST to `JENKINS_URL/configuration-as-code/reload`

>   Note: this needs to include a valid CRUMB and authentication information e.g. username + token of a user with admin

Reviewer: Not true since Jenkins 2.96. If you use an API token, you don't need a crumb.

Reviewer 2: we're gonna bump jenkins version in jcasc very soon so makes sense to make the statement valid for Jenkins >= 2.96

Reviewer 3: no need to include the valid crumb section, just say username + api token imo
```suggestion
  Note: this needs to authenticated e.g. username + api token with admin
```

  permissions
- via Jenkins CLI

> - via htto POST to `JENKINS_URL/reload-configuration-as-code/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- via http POST to `JENKINS_URL/reload-configuration-as-code/`
```

>   In contrast to the above it does not need authentication and bypasses CSRF checks, but it needs to be explicitly

Reviewer 3: I think an API call is probably reasonable that doesn't require csrf.
But if security is enabled I would think security should be enforced.
You should be able to reload without authentication if you disable auth

Author: If it's not explicitly activated CSRF is enforced. see https://github.com/jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin/pull/712/files#diff-eff409bf85cde6285ce608c11ccbb09bR18

Most plugins should be supported out-of-the-box, or maybe require some minimal changes. See this [dashboard](https://issues.jenkins.io/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=18341) for known compatibility issues.

## Triggering Configuration Reload

You have the following option to trigger a configuration reload:

- via the user interface: `Manage Jenkins -> Configuration -> Reload existing configuration`
- via http POST to `JENKINS_URL/configuration-as-code/reload`
  Note: this needs to include a valid CRUMB and authentication information e.g. username + token of a user with admin
  permissions. Since Jenkins 2.96 CRUMB is not needed for API tokens.
- via Jenkins CLI
- via http POST to `JENKINS_URL/configuration-as-code/reload-webhook`
  It's disabled by default and secured via a token configured as system property `casc.reload.token`.
  Setting the system property enables this functionality and the requests need to include the token as

>   query parameter named `jcasc-reload-token`.

Reviewer 3: this should match the property
```suggestion
  query parameter named `casc-reload-token`.
```

  Note: this needs to include a valid CRUMB and authentication information e.g. username + token of a user with admin
  permissions. Since Jenkins 2.96 CRUMB is not needed for API tokens.

> - via Jenkins CLI

Reviewer 4: Just removing the exists API endpoint might not be a good practice.

Reviewer 3: ? this never existed
